Please read these terms of service (“Terms of Service”) and the K-Friends Services Description (collectively, this “Agreement”) carefully. This Agreement is between you and Zoom Video Communications, Inc. and its affiliates (“K-Friends,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) and governs your access to and use of our Services and Software. You may enter into this Agreement on behalf of yourself or on behalf of a legal entity. If you enter into this Agreement on behalf of a legal entity, you represent that you are a duly authorized representative with the authority to bind that legal entity to this Agreement. All references to “you” and “your” in this Agreement mean the person accepting this Agreement as an individual or the legal entity for which the representative is acting. Capitalized terms in this Agreement will have definitions as set forth in the applicable section where they are defined, in the K-Friends Services Description, or in Section 34 below.

We may provide the Services and Software through K-Friends Application. You may only use the Services and Software in accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement. 

READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY, AS IT PROVIDES, AMONG OTHER THINGS: (i) in Section 27, that you and K-Friends will arbitrate certain claims instead of going to court and that you will not bring class-action claims against K-Friends; (ii) in Sections 12 and 14, that certain terms and conditions apply with respect to recurring subscription Charges and automatic renewals; (iii) in Section 15, that Zoom may make modifications, deletions, and additions to these Terms of Service and our Service Description; and (iv) in Section 26, that you release K-Friends from, and waive your right to recover from K-Friends, certain damages. You acknowledge that you will only create an account or otherwise use the Services and Software if you agree to be legally bound by all terms and conditions herein. Your acceptance of this Agreement creates a legally binding contract between you and K-Friends.

ACCOUNT INFORMATION; SHARING
      1.1 Registration; Username and Passwords. You may be required to           provide information about yourself to register for and to access or use           the Services and Software. You represent and warrant that any such 